## Current Steps
(Do for NYSE and S&P 500 datasets)

1. ~~Obtain data (price relatives and betas for each day)~~
2. Setup testing suite.
 1. Modify ```lazy_updates_admm.py``` file. This should have 3 modes: original, reject, and optimize. The original mode is used to plot betas over time. The reject mode rejects portfolios generated by ```sparse_port_admm.py```. The optimize mode calls a modified ```sparse_port_admm.py``` and runs a optimization using betas, as described below.
 2. Create a ```betas```function to assess where portfolios get risky. Should call lazy updates in original mode, and returns two vectors, the overall wealth and the beta for each day. Should take in a dataset, a beta dataset, and the relevant hyper-parameters.
 3. Create a modified ```sparse_port_admm.py``` function that does the optimization using the inputted betas. This is done as shown below.
 4. Modify testing suite to be run on a pseudo-distributed system (for the UMN CSE Labs).
3. Test both the reject and optimize methods, using hyper-paramters that fit the above specifications. Parameters to vary are below.
4. Analyze results
5. Write report

## Optimization steps
#### Steps to optimize stocks
1. If current portfolio suggestion is over maximum risk:
2. Project onto L1 ball
3. Project onto simplex (use find_y function as a model)
4. Alternate between the previous two until a portfolio is found within the feasible set (all stock wealth is allocated, and nothing more)

#### Notes
**Use Proximal Algorithms by Parikh and Boyd, sections 6.3.2 and 6.5.2.**
* For 6.5.2, lambda is the size of the l1 ball
* For 6.3.2, a is the betas, v is portfolio
* For 6.3.2, ()_+ corresponds to finding the maximum or zero, whichever is larger.

## Parameters
* Vary learning rate (eta)
* Vary transaction cost (gamma)
* Vary L1 norm weight (alpha)
* Vary risk tolerance (known as the beta, but as it's used, I will use vol to measure it as volatility)
